all right welcome to their rumble alert
Royal Rumble winner at 2013 know that I
have planned on putting these all
individually but as you can see the ring
is absolutely jam-packed so I'm
expecting when I do this is when Rumble
I know it's about Royale but you know
it's Royal Rumble season - it's a Royal
Rumble
I'm expecting to press these and just
all of them kind of jiggle plop plop and
all out at the same time so let's get
started and we'll see who's gonna win
the Royal Rumble
this is for my prediction for 2013
Hey well these are kind of a big jammed
up so I'll put them all on the final
four squares when it's the X all Adolf
stickler very clever they're tying
himself in the ropes up and there's
practically eliminated their bar his
hand although a polio through the bottom
law funk asaurus jammed actually under
the pair final four were humble when it
takes all hey final two is Bruce clear
and the MS because he's hooked on his
name coming off there so he's in last
two Ready Steady Go
there you go there's your 2013 Royal
Rumble winner Brutus